README.md, before:

# Create Data Modelling App

Create new data modelling apps with just one command!

## Quick Overview

```
npx @development-framework/create-dm-app my-app
cd my-app
npm start
```

_([npx](https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b) comes with npm 5.2+ and higher, see [instructions for older npm versions](https://gist.github.com/gaearon/4064d3c23a77c74a3614c498a8bb1c5f))_

Then open [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see your app.<br>

When you’re ready to deploy to production, create a minified bundle with `npm run build`.

## Creating an App

You’ll need to have Node 14.0.0 or later version on your local development machine (but it’s not required on the server). We recommend using the latest LTS version. 

To create a new app, you may choose one of the following methods:
* `npx create-dm-app my-app`

It will create a directory called my-app inside the current folder.

Inside that directory, it will generate the initial project structure and install the transitive dependencies:

Inside the newly created project, you can run some built-in commands:

### `npm start` or `yarn start`

Runs the app in development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.<br>
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

Create-dm-app is using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/) so go to [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) to get a list of all possible commands, or just look inside the package.json file and under scripts.

## Development tips

### Link core

If you want to work on the core and don't want to release new core versions to see the changes in create-dm-app, then change the  `@development-framework/dm-core` from inside `package.json` to point to core locally like `link:./../data-modelling-tool/web/packages/dmt-core/`. You have to run `yarn rollup`inside dm-core to get changes, since this will bild a new dist that will be picked-up by create-dm-app.

Commit message:

docs: update README.md with useful developer tips

README.md, after:

# Create Data Modelling App

Create new data modelling apps with just one command!

## Quick Overview

```
npx @development-framework/create-dm-app my-app
cd my-app
npm start
```

_([npx](https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b) comes with npm 5.2+ and higher, see [instructions for older npm versions](https://gist.github.com/gaearon/4064d3c23a77c74a3614c498a8bb1c5f))_

Then open [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see your app.<br>

When you’re ready to deploy to production, create a minified bundle with `npm run build`.

## Creating an App

You’ll need to have Node 14.0.0 or later version on your local development machine (but it’s not required on the server). We recommend using the latest LTS version. 

To create a new app, you may choose one of the following methods:
* `npx create-dm-app my-app`

It will create a directory called my-app inside the current folder. 
Note: if you want to change the datasource name or add new data sources, the visibleDataSources list defined in [App.tsx](https://github.com/equinor/create-dm-app/blob/main/src/App.tsx) needs to be updated.

Inside that directory, it will generate the initial project structure and install the transitive dependencies:

Inside the newly created project, you can run some built-in commands:

### `npm start` or `yarn start`

Runs the app in development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.<br>
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

Create-dm-app is using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/) so go to [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) to get a list of all possible commands, or just look inside the package.json file and under scripts.

## Development tips

### Link core

If you want to work on the core and don't want to release new core versions to see the changes in create-dm-app, then change the  `@development-framework/dm-core` from inside `package.json` to point to core locally like `link:./../data-modelling-tool/web/packages/dmt-core/`. You have to run `yarn rollup`inside dm-core to get changes, since this will bild a new dist that will be picked-up by create-dm-app. 

### Connecting to DMSS
If you run the [DMSS API](https://github.com/equinor/data-modelling-storage-service) locally, it will by default be available at localhost:8000. If this is the case, you must update an environment variable. This is achieved by editing the start script in package.json:

```json
"start": "REACT_APP_DMSS_URL=http://localhost:8000 react-app-rewired start"
```


### Resetting data sources
The [dm-cli](https://github.com/equinor/dm-cli) can be used for resetting datasources. The recommended way to run the cli tool is to:
1) Create a new virtual python environment
2) Activate the virtual environment 
3) Install the dm-cli (available on [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/dm-cli/) with 
   ```bash
   pip install dm-cli
   ```
4) Run commands from the dm-cli.
